How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

  Went pretty well. Though i did not see i could scroll up at first.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Its easier to go back and forth in time if there are issues. Identifing them
    will be much easier. Makes it more efficient.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    You controll what is saved in the cloud. I wouldn't know any other benefit
    as personally i see the auto way as more beneficial.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
 
    I have no idea. Probably processing setup.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    no idea.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because it's way easier to revert back. Simply test it and go back if it
    did not work.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Create my own tools, learn how to program.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I can use the commands git log and git diff to view changes between files. By first using git log i can see all updates within a repository. Then i can use get diff and use the ID's of the commits to print the code and see the changes in green and red.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    Because it's way easier to revert back. Simply test it and go back if it
    did not work.

    Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

        Learn how to program and ultimately create my own tools/webapps/idea's
